[shopsys] docs: explain forced version of PHP in config.platform.php (#1352)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/introduction/faq-and-common-issues.md

- [How can I create Front-end Breadcrumb navigation?](#how-can-i-create-front-end-breadcrumb-navigation)
- [Do you have any tips how to debug emails during development in Docker?](#do-you-have-any-tips-how-to-debug-emails-during-development-in-docker)
- [Can I see what is really happening in the Codeception acceptance tests when using Docker?](#can-i-see-what-is-really-happening-in-the-codeception-acceptance-tests-when-using-docker)

> - [Why is there a faked PHP 7.2 platform in the Composer config?](#why-is-there-a-faked-php-72-platform-in-the-composer-config)

Reviewer: I'm not sure about that fake. It's just specifying a fixed (or forced?) lower version which is guaranteed than is really used.

Author: I wasn't sure about that either, but I got that term from [the official Composer docs](https://getcomposer.org/doc/06-config.md#platform).

Reviewer: Lets respect the composer docs

## Can I see what is really happening in the Codeception acceptance tests when using Docker?
Yes, you can! Check [the quick guide](/docs/introduction/running-acceptance-tests.md#how-to-watch-what-is-going-on-in-the-selenium-browser).

## Why is there a faked PHP 7.2 platform in the Composer config?
As a general rule, packages and libraries that depend on PHP 7.2 will work as expected even on PHP 7.3 (any higher 7.x version), but not vice versa.

> This is the maintainers of PHP focus on backward-compatibility (even if there were [some incompatible changes](https://www.php.net/manual/en/migration73.incompatible.php) introduced in PHP 7.3, in practice it doesn't cause issues).

Reviewer: maybe use
```suggestion
This is the PHP's mainteiners focus on backward-compatibility (even if there were [some incompatible changes](https://www.php.net/manual/en/migration73.incompatible.php) introduced in PHP 7.3, in practice it doesn't cause issues).
```

or

```suggestion
Mainteiners of PHP are focusing on backward-compatibility (even if there were [some incompatible changes](https://www.php.net/manual/en/migration73.incompatible.php) introduced in PHP 7.3, in practice it doesn't cause issues).
```

Using [the `config.platform.php` option](https://getcomposer.org/doc/06-config.md#platform) in `composer.json` allows us to force Composer to install such dependencies, that work for all supported versions of PHP by Shopsys Framework.

> These dependencies are locked during each release of SSFW so users that install it can download exact versions of all libraries and tools that were tested and proved working.

Reviewer: We only use SSFW shortcut internally since I know. Also you used it a line above.
```suggestion
These dependencies are locked during each release of Shopsys Framework so users that install it can download exact versions of all libraries and tools that were tested and proved working.
```

Author: It's actually used across the docs, not only internally - see examples below. It's true that we use it quite sparingly. I didn't want to use the full name as there are more occurrences...

---

https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/6febd2cea2288a61cffadf224e9622dd4d683548/docs/cookbook/adding-a-new-administration-page.md#L19-L25
https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/6febd2cea2288a61cffadf224e9622dd4d683548/docs/kubernetes/how-to-deploy-ssfw-to-google-cloud-platform.md#L1
https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/6febd2cea2288a61cffadf224e9622dd4d683548/docs/model/model-rules.md#L7
https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/6febd2cea2288a61cffadf224e9622dd4d683548/docs/contributing/guidelines-for-pull-request.md#L78

It's even mentioned on our homepage https://www.shopsys.com/

>Shopsys Framework (**SSFW**) is a highly customizable ecommerce framework for businesses transitioning into tech-companies with their own software development team. It contains the most common B2C and B2B features for online stores, and its infrastructure is prepared for high scalability.

Reviewer: So I guess it is right.

@TomasLudvik corrected me when I want using it in deprecation message https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1345#discussion_r317007608 and that might be a different.

This helps to eliminate unforeseen issues during installation.
See [Composer docs](https://getcomposer.org/doc/01-basic-usage.md#installing-with-composer-lock) for more details on version locking.

> Without this forced platform version, you could encounter issues when working on your project with developers that use a different version of PHP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without this forced platform version, you could encounter issues when working on your project with developers that use a different version of PHP. E.g. your `composer.lock` could contain dependencies that not all developers can install.
```

Author: There is no linebreak on the rendered page on GitHub:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10008612/63698399-0bdbb400-c81f-11e9-9799-4f797ae93d6f.png)

Keeping sentences on different lines is better for maintaining clean diffs. We should probably add that to the [Guidelines for Writing Documentation](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/v8.0.0/docs/contributing/guidelines-for-writing-documentation.md)

Reviewer: Got it, it is OK. And how about using `e.g.` instead `For example` - I'm not sure if it is OK at the beggining of sentece.

> For example, your `composer.lock` could contain dependencies that not all developers can install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: See above in https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1352#discussion_r317633136
